Hello, everyone.
So after successfully creating the frame of the notepad, we are going to add icon to the.
Yes, I can do the noted down title one.
So invoking the Matildas image icon.
Naming the variable as icon, we have to set a new icon
for the notepad toolbar.
So the method to do this is get class first.
You get the class.
For the image, invoke it and get resources
from the folder itself.
So for setting the image, firstly, we have to put the image right here.
So yes, this is the notepad dot png.
I am going to.
At her.
So I have dragged it and now I'm going to use it.
The name is suggesting not being.
So the images added successfully.
Now, let us try to run the program.
So I'm running this program.
Let's suppose that I have said so.
Yes.
Perfect.
This is the icon we have set for the note down title one and on minimizing it.
The icon changes from the Java Cup coffee mug icon to this notepad icon.
So we have successfully set the icon for the notepad.
Now let us switch to creating the nav bar for this.
Like currently it has only a body and this title bar let us create a heading bar which will contain
button says file, edit, health and so on.
Now we are going to create a menu bar for this note down.
So to create the menu bar we have to use this library java string as it has a function for menu bar.
So, so menu bar from Java string.
Calling this and naming the method the menu bar.
Let's create a new G menu back.
Yes.
So then my new body is created successfully.
Now try to add some fields to the menu bar field so that the menu will contain support.
File.
File option.
View the menu file.
So, yes.
We have created.
Fine.
Let us try to run this again.
On running this.
So yes, this is now.
We have to add members to the menu if we want to see.
So below the constructor part we are going to call.
Add the menu by.
From the Java Wing Library itself.
No menu, but.
Stand by.
We are running fine to the minimum.
Now let us try to run this again.
Second running this part.
We have added file.
Now we have to move it to upwards as the heading part is on the top of the page, not in the middle
of somewhere.
So firstly, move it to adding some more things to the menu bar and then shifting it to the upwards.
So let us end and it can help option.
In a similar way.
We have ended file by copying the same and changing it to edit.
And help.
Yes.
Similarly replacing the string and humans pass inside this menu.
So.
Yes.
And after adding this.
Number.
No Dad ended.
Men maneuvered or tended.
So remember that that health.
Hmm.
So we have successfully added two more films to the menu.
And now we will try to run this again.
So yes, the fields are added to the menu, but now we will try to shift it towards our ports.
So we have added it as add menu bar, but there is a separate method of adding menu bar.
So.
The meantime has set.
Jim and Uma.
Domain, Uma.
Now let us try to run this again and see what its output is.
So perfect.
We have added the menu bar we have behind it beneath the title and we have a file, edit and a help
button.
So currently they have no options attached, but we will try to add some options inside the file.
Edit and help.
So let us minimize it and try adding some functions inside the file editor and help buttons.
Here we are adding
g menu bar items.
It is also from the library itself.
Now, item, let us call it a new file.
Suppose if we want to open a new file in the notepad.
So the option goes for.
The menu item will be.
Caldwell New.
Had we had, we have created a method for the file option as now let us add some more options in the
similar manner.
Let us address this as open file.
See file.
Then exit, as we have discussed in the introduction.
Then exit.
And replace it.
Pedro's so open.
Save.
Print.
And it also.
Now let us try to run this and see if the file button contains the given options or not.
So clicking on the file.
Okay.
So we have to add it.
In the constructor also.
So adding a tear.
Failed or dead.
Similarly that we have added items to the menubar like file, edit and help.
We have to add methods to this file button as well as new file.
And again, copying it five more times and pasting.
But open print exit and say so.
And open.
Save.
And.
It.
Exit?
Yes.
Not to change her.
This will remain.
And all of them.
Just change the argument inside that matter.
So let us try to run this again.
Running this code.
The notepad opens.
Yes.
And now we have new open save print and exit option for the file button in the menu bar.
Similarly, we will set something for edit and in the next part.
And then practice this better with your with your compiler and explore more about these buttons, the
frame and the panel.
See you all in the next part.